[door opens]
[INSTRUCTOR A] Good morning
to you, Master Henderson.
[HENDERSON]
Good morning to you as well.
I'm preparing a spot of tea.
Would you care for some?
Yes, that sounds lovely.
[INSTRUCTOR A] Been quite a
while since you were in charge
of the youngest of
the grade school kids.
How are they?
Giving you any trouble?
[HENDERSON] I must say, I see
a great deal of promise in them.
[INSTRUCTOR A laughs]
Well, I heard one of them
earned a Tonitrus Bolt
before classes even began.
There was a rather
inelegant moment,
but it was handled swiftly.
[INSTRUCTOR A] I've never heard
of one being given so soon.
I only did what I deemed
absolutely necessary
for the situation.
Good deeds shall be rewarded
and misconduct shall be met
with decisive punishment.
It's an essential philosophy
in the world of education.
I've much to learn
from you, sir. Ha.
[HENDERSON] As the elementary
students continue
to pass through the
gates of Eden College,
to learn the ways
of true elegance,
so shall our school's
traditions continue.
Our house of learning exists to
ensure the future of our society
is an elegant one.
[alarms ringing]
[EWEN]
Lord Damian! Look at this!
I believe I found your
older brother in here!
[DAMIAN]
Yeah.
[EWEN] This must be
his entrance ceremony.
I'm sure we can find
him elsewhere.
Hey, there he is!
Ah! There he is again!
[EWEN] And here as well!
Being named as the team's MVP!
[EMILE] Wow, Lord Damian,
your brother sure is raking in
the Stellas like
there's no tomorrow!
It's unbelievable!
It'll be easy for you, too.
You'll probably become an
Imperial Scholar even faster!
The first to get a Stella
in our grade, at least.
That should be no
problem for you!
Um, yeah, easy.
But still, it'll be
a while till our exams,
so your first chance is...
...ah, P.E. class next week!
We've got a dodgeball game
with one of the other classes!
A friend of mine told me
something that he heard
from his other friend
who's in Class Seven.
He said if you're the MVP,
they'll give you a Stella, too!
Is that true?
[EMILE] This is your
chance, Lord Damian!
I can be the MVP.
[HENDERSON sighs]
[HENDERSON]
The day is sunny and clear.
And the young ladies and
gentlemen of Eden College
will be adding yet another page
to our glorious history book.
With brilliance and, of course,
a healthy dose of elegance.
[DAMIAN]
Shut up!
That happened because you picked
a fight with me, you know!
It wasn't my fault.
She's right! You were
the ones who starte--
Hey! Zip it, uggo!
You're such a jerk.
[DAMIAN] Watch it,
you stubby legged raccoon!
[BECKY] You should know better
than to talk to girls like that!
[HENDERSON]
We need elegance.
[ANYA]
I have returned!
[YOR]
Hello, Anya! Welcome home.
[ANYA] Papa, I have some
really important news!
[TWILIGHT]
What?
You can get a Stella in
your next P.E. class?
Yeah, it's what Becky told me!
Want to know what I heard?
My friend told me that her other
friend in Class Seven told her.
In the game during P. E.,
the winning class's pick for MVP
will automatically receive
a Stella Star, too!
[TWILIGHT] Only a rumor, then.
Huh. Seems a bit dubious to me.
[YOR] Sounds like we need
to train! Don't you think?
[ANYA]
More training!
But I wonder, what sport
will you kids be playing?
[ANYA]
Dodgeball.
Okay, then, dodgeball.
Let me think.
That's where you hit your
opponent with a ball
to do them in, isn't it?
[TWILIGHT]
That's one way to put it.
Mama! Teach me
your killer moves!
I'll be happy to!
I can teach you the ultimate
killer move! That'll show 'em!
[gasps]
Guess I didn't realize you
were into sports, Yor.
I'm not, really.
I just used to play catch
with my brother sometimes
when we were kids.
[YOR] I can't tell them
I rip people apart
and toss them around
for a living!
I promise to steer you in
the right direction, Anya!
And with this move,
you will catch that star!
It'll be so cool to kill 'em all
in this dodgeball game, Mama!
I am gonna catch that
star and smash it!
[TWILIGHT] I'm glad she's
so motivated, but...
[ANYA]
They'll call me "Super Anya"!
[YOR]
Yes!
We'll start off with
strength training. 'Kay?
One.
Two.
[YOR]
Three.
Four.
And five.
And six?
Good stamina is crucial.
[ANYA groans]
Oh! Are you okay?
[YOR]
Now, listen carefully.
When you throw the ball,
you're using a whole lot
more than just your arms.
So you need to make sure
that when you step
out with your foot,
you're already twisting your
hips as you shift your weight,
channeling all of your strength
into your shoulder, boom!
[YOR]
Okay! Now you try it!
Hey, Loid!
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
This is training?
I don't really understand
how it helps,
but I did tell Yor she
could handle this.
[YOR]
Hm?
Hey, Anya, you have to wake up!
[YOR]
Hey!
[ANYA]
[YOR]
Hah!
[ANYA]
[YOR]
Hup!
[ANYA]
[YOR]
Slap!
[ANYA]
[YOR]
Fwap!
[ANYA]
[YOR]
Chwass!
[ANYA]
Tomorrow at school,
I'm gonna catch that star!
[ANYA]
I did my best.
Mama's training almost
did me in, but I made it.
I even thought up an attack
name for my killer shot.
I swear, that star is mine!
[ANYA]
I'm gonna get lots of stars.
[ANYA] Papa needs me to,
for his mission!
[EMILE] You've got a lot of
swagger for such a shrimp.
You just need to make sure
you and your stubby legs
don't hold Lord Damian back.
Uh! Is that right?
Why are we playing with
these dumb boys, anyway?
Ugh. Like we'd ever
actually want to be
on the same team as them.
[ANYA] Second son. His daddy is
Papa's target for this mission.
If I become his friend,
good things are gonna happen!
Ugh. What are you
starin' at, uggo?
[ANYA] But he's a big-time
meanie, and I don't like him.
[growls]
[DAMIAN] I don't have
any time to waste
on a raccoon-faced
runt like you.
[ANYA]
What'd he call me?
[DAMIAN] I desperately need
to make MVP in this game
and collect that first Stella.
It's important to become
an Imperial Scholar
just like my brother,
'cause if I don't...
[DAMIAN] ...Father will
never acknowledge me.
[EWEN] Uh. Hey, wait
for us, Lord Damian!
[HENDERSON]
Gather round!
Unfortunately, Coach
Bobby is out today.
Meaning, I will be serving
as his substitute.
Remember to behave in
a sportsmanlike manner,
and of course, to execute
the most elegant of plays.
[STUDENTS]
Yes, sir.
[HENDERSON]
Without further ado,
we will commencetoday's
dodgeball match
between Class Three, Cecile
Hall, and Class Four, Wald Hall.
You may begin!
[whistle blows]
Show them how it's done,
Lord Damian!
[STUDENT K] Come on,
Damian! You've got this!
[EMILE]
Lord Damian!
[EWEN] We gathered some
intel on Class Four!
Excellent.
[ALL gasp]
[DAMIAN]
The only way I can get a Stella
is by clenching that
MVP title first.
Which means...
I've got my target!
The key to beating Class Four
and winning this match
is taking that kid down!
[yells]
[STUDENTS gasp]
[DAMIAN] The son of a Major
General in the Ostanian Army,
Bill Watkins.
[STUDENT A]
Sweet catch, Bill!
They've got a monster
in their class?
I don't believe for a
second he's our age!
That beast...
...is called Bazooka Bill!
Obviously, he was a
super early bloomer,
and he won all kinds of
trophies in tournaments
while he was still
in kindergarten.
They call him the
Monster of Bodam!
What kinda tournaments do
they have in kindergarten?
Heh.
Wearing those glasses right
now is dangerous, old man.
Thanks for that, Damian.
I'd expect no less
from Desmond's son.
But I'll be fine, because
that ball won't hit me.
Besides, you know any hit above
the shoulders doesn't count.
Enemy positions confirmed.
Airflow, humidity, all good.
[yells]
That's four hits.
[STUDENT C]
Yes! Way to go, Billy!
Unbelievable!
Calm down!
That was just a fluke!
That was definitely not a fluke.
[BILL]
Whenever I throw that ball,
every imaginable detail
has been calculated.
Besides running simulations,
I've tested the
limits of my body
through extensive training.
[yells]
Daddy!
[BILL'S FATHER] I want to tell
you something, my boy.
[BILL]
Yes, Daddy?
In time you will be
the hero of Eden,
and then one day,
our glorious army.
Make sure you reach out
and seize those Stellas!
Do it for the future of Ostania!
Sir, yes, sir!
So... my path to victory
has already begun.
[DAMIAN grunts]
This is crazy!
If the ball hits any of us
that hard, we'll die!
No need to be afraid. I'll try
to hold back on the girls.
[grunts] Seriously?
That makes me really mad!
[BECKY groans]
One hit.
You sure like to talk a
lotta smack, don't you?
But if you think we went
into this without a plan,
you're wrong, you big oaf.
[BILL]
Hm.
[DAMIAN]
And in dodgeball,
nobody can win
all by themselves!
[BOTH gasp]
[yelling]
[EMILE] I still believe
you'll win the MVP!
[DAMIAN yells]
I'll be the MVP,
whatever it takes!
Ready? Formation G, go!
[EMILE, EWEN]
Right!
[yells]
[STUDENTS groaning]
--[whistle blows]
--[HENDERSON] Four hits.
This isn't over!
[EMILE]
Ultimate..
[EWEN]
...Shadow...
[DAMIAN]
...Clone...
[ALL]
...Attack!
[BILL]
Shadow Clone, huh?
How about I show you
how it's done?
Shadow Clone Attack!
[EMILE] Lord Damian, I will make
the ultimate sacrifice for you.
It was an honor to
fight by your side.
Emile, no!
[EMILE] I think you'd do
the same for me, Lord Damian.
You've got so many
excellent qualities.
I can't really remember
any of them right now,
or think of a time you
helped me, but still--
You have to win,
Lord Damian, for us!
Because deep down in our hearts,
you've always been the real MVP!
[EMILE groans]
That's the forbidden move--
Full Frontal Face Block.
[EWEN] Emile! Emile!
Please, say something!
Ewen, you're such a dummy.
Don't you cry over me.
I'm not crying, okay?
[EMILE]
This isn't the end.
So promise me, swear that you
won't give up on the dream.
Yeah. Okay, I promise you!
Because once we give up,
it'll be game over-- Ugh!
Crap, it's not looking too good.
[DAMIAN] I need to figure
out his weakness.
I don't really care if all
of the other kids go down,
as long as I make it to
the end and stand out!
[ANYA] He's more of
a jerk than I thought.
[BILL] My next target is that
little stubby-legged shrimp.
I'm gonna aim for her feet!
What?
Whoa! You got lucky.
He missed you!
[STUDENT G] Let's get
the ball goin', all right!
[BILL]
What happened?
She jumped before I could
even throw the ball.
[JOHNNY]
Eat this!
[BILL] No problem. I'll just
have to aim for her right arm!
[BILL]
Left arm, then!
Huh?
[BILL growls]
[BILL] I guess I'll have to
break out my secret weapon!
This throw will change its
course all of a sudden,
so if she tries to get
away again, blam!
Here goes!
Homing Slider Super Shot!
[BECKY] I thought you were
holding back on the girls!
[STUDENT H groans]
--[whistle blows]
--[HENDERSON] One hit.
[BILL]
This can't be real!
It's like she's reading
every attack!
How is she doing this?
Who the heck is she?
Hey. You're actually
kind of decent at this.
Heh.
[HENDERSON] In dodgeball,
the goal is to avoid being hit,
and she achieved that without
even having to move.
[HENDERSON] Ah! An elegant
manner of evasion!
[BECKY] Anya! Look out,
it's coming from behind you!
[gasps]
Come on! Get up, quick!
[BILL]
You put up a good fight, Pinky,
but even you can't dodge
from down on the ground.
[BILL]
Die!
[DAMIAN] He put all of his
power into that throw!
It's too bad,
but that's what she gets
for being such a klutz.
Don't worry, I'll survive and
lead Class Three to victory.
[ANYA gasps]
--[whistle blows]
--[HENDERSON] One hit.
Lord Damian, what on
earth are you doing?
I lost my chance!
I won't be MVP!
Did you really just protect me?
Huh?
Does that mean
you're a good guy?
Don't get it twisted!
I was just frustrated that
he was taking out our team,
so I tried to catch
the ball, and well...
Ugh, this stinks!
You're the only one left,
so don't mess it up, uggo!
[ANYA]
The future is in my hands.
Which means now is the time
to unleash my killer shot!
Listen, Anya, this is
the final lesson.
The key to throwing the ball is
to put your whole body into it.
If it helps, think of the
ball as an arrow of light!
I'm not gonna let your
death be for nothing.
I'm alive, you dummy!
[ANYA]
I promise, I will avenge you!
[DAMIAN] She did have a lot
of power when she punched me.
Maybe she can pull this off.
[BECKY] I don't really
know what's going on,
but things got super intense.
Can she do it?
[ANYA] Mama told me I
gotta shift my weight.
The power from my big step
and from twisting my hips
needs to go to my shoulders,
and then my hands,
and then I, um...
Anyway!
Killer Shot!
Star Catch... Arrow!
[screams]
[BILL]
Huh? Huh?
--[ANYA groans]
--[BILL] Huh.
The game is over!
[STUDENT I]
Yay! We won!
[ALL]
Huh?
That Stella Star's
as good as yours, Bill!
[HENDERSON]
Stella, you say?
We do not award Stella
for winning one small game
in a single class.
That would be quite ridiculous.
But while we're on the subject,
screaming "die" at your opponent
like that is unacceptable.
Therefore, I have no issue
giving you a Tonitrus Bolt.
[STUDENT J] It's okay, Bill!
We'll do better next time!
Not like this is
our only chance.
[HENDERSON]
On the other hand,
two students at odds
with each other
put aside their differences to
face this challenge together.
Their elegance proves
that we do indeed
have young ladies and gentlemen
who are worthy of a Stella.
What's wrong with
you, you idiot?!
That was the worst
throw in history!
I should've never
defended you!
Hey, now! It's not like you
hit anyone, so shut up!
I don't like you after all.
[DAMIAN] What did you
just say, stubby legs?
[BECKY] I told you that you
shouldn't talk to girls like...
[HENDERSON]
Or perhaps we don't.
[ANYA] Nothing Mama
teaches me ever helps...
[inaudible]